

***
MODEL: roberta-base
***

--
k = 5
--

Prediction accuracies:
EXPECTED TARGET in TOP 5 predictions: 0.7058823529411765 (24/34)

ITEMS PREDICTED CORRECTLY:

"Checkmate," Rosaline announced with glee. She was getting to be really good at
   EXPECTED: chess | PREDICTED: it,this,that,chess,everything
He caught the pass and scored another touchdown. There was nothing he enjoyed more than a good game of
   EXPECTED: football | PREDICTED: football,catch,ball,basketball,golf
Rich couldn’t count the number of Yankees games he had seen with his father. They both shared a lifelong interest in
   EXPECTED: baseball | PREDICTED: baseball,sports,Yankees,pitching,history
Getting both himself and his car to work on the neighboring island was time-consuming. Every morning he drove for a few minutes and then boarded the
   EXPECTED: ferry | PREDICTED: ferry,bus,plane,boat,shuttle
The patient was in critical condition and the ambulance wouldn’t be fast enough. They decided they would have to use the
   EXPECTED: helicopter | PREDICTED: helicopter,air,helicopters,van,CPR
Amy was very anxious about traveling abroad for the first time. She felt surprisingly better, however, when she actually boarded the
   EXPECTED: plane | PREDICTED: plane,flight,airplane,train,ship
The day before the wedding, the kitchen was just covered with frosting. Annette’s sister was responsible for making the
   EXPECTED: cake | PREDICTED: cake,cakes,icing,pies,cookies
The little girl was happy that Santa Claus left nothing but crumbs on the plate. She decided he must have really enjoyed the
   EXPECTED: cookies | PREDICTED: cookies,visit,trip,experience,presents
He wanted to make his wife breakfast, but he burned piece after piece. I couldn’t believe he was ruining even the
   EXPECTED: toast | PREDICTED: bacon,eggs,toast,cereal,bread
She keeps twirling it around and around under her collar. Stephanie seems really happy that Dan gave her that
   EXPECTED: necklace | PREDICTED: toy,gift.,leash,necklace
She wanted to make her eyelashes look really black and thick. So she asked to borrow her older friend’s
   EXPECTED: mascara | PREDICTED: mascara,glasses,makeup,sunglasses,brush
He complained that after she kissed him, he couldn’t get the red color off his face. He finally just asked her to stop wearing that
   EXPECTED: lipstick | PREDICTED: lipstick,shirt,dress,perfume,top
Eleanor offered to fix her visitor some coffee. Then she realized she didn’t have a clean
   EXPECTED: cup | PREDICTED: cup,mug,plate,purse,one
My aunt fixed my brother some cereal using her best china. Of course, the first thing he did was drop the
   EXPECTED: bowl | PREDICTED: spoon,cereal,bowl,lid,fork
At the dinner party, I wondered why my mother wasn’t eating her soup. Then I noticed that she didn’t have a
   EXPECTED: spoon | PREDICTED: spoon,fork,knife,phone,coat
In the dorms, cutting your steak can be a huge struggle. They always give you such a poor quality
   EXPECTED: knife | PREDICTED: steak.,cut,knife,meat
He journeyed to the African plains, hoping to get a photograph of the king of the beasts. Unfortunately, the whole time he was there he never saw a
   EXPECTED: lion | PREDICTED: lion,king,thing,man,creature
George was hiking in India when he saw the orange and black striped animal leap out at him. He sustained serious injuries before he managed to kill the
   EXPECTED: tiger | PREDICTED: animal,creature,beast,snake,tiger
By the end of the day, the hiker’s feet were extremely cold and wet. It was the last time he would ever buy a cheap pair of
   EXPECTED: boots | PREDICTED: boots,shoes,socks,sneakers,feet
Everyone agreed that the stone-washed kind were out of style. But he continued to wear the same old pair of
   EXPECTED: jeans | PREDICTED: jeans,glasses,shoes,pants,trousers
As the afternoon progressed, it became hotter and hotter. Keith finally decided to put on a pair of
   EXPECTED: shorts | PREDICTED: shorts,pants,jeans,sunglasses,socks
Tina lined up where she thought the nail should go. When she was satisfied, she asked Bruce to hand her the
   EXPECTED: hammer | PREDICTED: scissors,nail,tip,money,hammer
The snow had piled up on the drive so high that they couldn’t get the car out. When Albert woke up, his father handed him a
   EXPECTED: shovel | PREDICTED: shovel,blanket,flashlight,map,newspaper
Fred went to the pantry and got out the homemade jelly his grandmother had brought. Fifteen minutes later, however, he was still struggling to open the
   EXPECTED: jar | PREDICTED: jar,jars,can,lid,bottle
