

***
MODEL: distilbert-base-uncased
***

--
k = 5
--

Prediction accuracies:
EXPECTED TARGET in TOP 5 predictions: 0.5588235294117647 (19/34)

ITEMS PREDICTED CORRECTLY:

"Checkmate," Rosaline announced with glee. She was getting to be really good at
   EXPECTED: chess | PREDICTED: acting,dancing,chess,flirting,cooking
He caught the pass and scored another touchdown. There was nothing he enjoyed more than a good game of
   EXPECTED: football | PREDICTED: football,golf,basketball,sorts,baseball
Rich couldn’t count the number of Yankees games he had seen with his father. They both shared a lifelong interest in
   EXPECTED: baseball | PREDICTED: baseball,yankees,boxing,sports,pitching
Getting both himself and his car to work on the neighboring island was time-consuming. Every morning he drove for a few minutes and then boarded the
   EXPECTED: ferry | PREDICTED: plane,ferry,airplane,bus,boat
The patient was in critical condition and the ambulance wouldn’t be fast enough. They decided they would have to use the
   EXPECTED: helicopter | PREDICTED: ambulance,vehicle,wheelchair,restroom,helicopter
Amy was very anxious about traveling abroad for the first time. She felt surprisingly better, however, when she actually boarded the
   EXPECTED: plane | PREDICTED: ship,plane,airplane,boat,yacht
The day before the wedding, the kitchen was just covered with frosting. Annette’s sister was responsible for making the
   EXPECTED: cake | PREDICTED: cake,dishes,cookies,cakes,pancakes
The little girl was happy that Santa Claus left nothing but crumbs on the plate. She decided he must have really enjoyed the
   EXPECTED: cookies | PREDICTED: cookies,cake,pie,chocolate,food
She keeps twirling it around and around under her collar. Stephanie seems really happy that Dan gave her that
   EXPECTED: necklace | PREDICTED: necklace,bracelet,gift,scarf,pendant
He complained that after she kissed him, he couldn’t get the red color off his face. He finally just asked her to stop wearing that
   EXPECTED: lipstick | PREDICTED: dress,color,shirt,outfit,lipstick
Eleanor offered to fix her visitor some coffee. Then she realized she didn’t have a clean
   EXPECTED: cup | PREDICTED: slate,coffee,mug,plate,cup
He journeyed to the African plains, hoping to get a photograph of the king of the beasts. Unfortunately, the whole time he was there he never saw a
   EXPECTED: lion | PREDICTED: lion,dinosaur,tiger,camel,creature
George was hiking in India when he saw the orange and black striped animal leap out at him. He sustained serious injuries before he managed to kill the
   EXPECTED: tiger | PREDICTED: animal,tiger,deer,lion,elephant
Barb loved the feel of the waves on her feet, but she hated to walk barefoot. As a compromise, she usually wore a pair of
   EXPECTED: sandals | PREDICTED: sandals,shorts,jeans,shoes,sneakers
By the end of the day, the hiker’s feet were extremely cold and wet. It was the last time he would ever buy a cheap pair of
   EXPECTED: boots | PREDICTED: shoes,sneakers,boots,socks,sandals
Everyone agreed that the stone-washed kind were out of style. But he continued to wear the same old pair of
   EXPECTED: jeans | PREDICTED: jeans,glasses,shoes,boots,sunglasses
As the afternoon progressed, it became hotter and hotter. Keith finally decided to put on a pair of
   EXPECTED: shorts | PREDICTED: socks,sunglasses,shorts,jeans,shoes
The snow had piled up on the drive so high that they couldn’t get the car out. When Albert woke up, his father handed him a
   EXPECTED: shovel | PREDICTED: package,blanket,shovel,suitcase,letter
At the zoo, my sister asked if they painted the black and white stripes on the animal. I explained to her that they were natural features of a
   EXPECTED: zebra | PREDICTED: leopard,tiger,lion,zebra,dog
