

***
MODEL: roberta-large
***

--
k = 5
--

Prediction accuracies:
EXPECTED TARGET in TOP 5 predictions: 0.8235294117647058 (28/34)

ITEMS PREDICTED CORRECTLY:

"Checkmate," Rosaline announced with glee. She was getting to be really good at
   EXPECTED: chess | PREDICTED: this,chess,it,that,these
He caught the pass and scored another touchdown. There was nothing he enjoyed more than a good game of
   EXPECTED: football | PREDICTED: football,basketball,rugby,ball,baseball
Rich couldn’t count the number of Yankees games he had seen with his father. They both shared a lifelong interest in
   EXPECTED: baseball | PREDICTED: baseball,sports,them,football,sport
Getting both himself and his car to work on the neighboring island was time-consuming. Every morning he drove for a few minutes and then boarded the
   EXPECTED: ferry | PREDICTED: ferry,bus,boat,train,plane
The patient was in critical condition and the ambulance wouldn’t be fast enough. They decided they would have to use the
   EXPECTED: helicopter | PREDICTED: helicopter,fire,ambulance,van,police
Amy was very anxious about traveling abroad for the first time. She felt surprisingly better, however, when she actually boarded the
   EXPECTED: plane | PREDICTED: plane,flight,airplane,train,bus
The day before the wedding, the kitchen was just covered with frosting. Annette’s sister was responsible for making the
   EXPECTED: cake | PREDICTED: cake,cakes,cookies,desserts,dessert
The little girl was happy that Santa Claus left nothing but crumbs on the plate. She decided he must have really enjoyed the
   EXPECTED: cookies | PREDICTED: meal,cookies,food,feast,dessert
He wanted to make his wife breakfast, but he burned piece after piece. I couldn’t believe he was ruining even the
   EXPECTED: toast | PREDICTED: toast,food,coffee,basics,eggs
She keeps twirling it around and around under her collar. Stephanie seems really happy that Dan gave her that
   EXPECTED: necklace | PREDICTED: toy,necklace,gift,present,bone
She wanted to make her eyelashes look really black and thick. So she asked to borrow her older friend’s
   EXPECTED: mascara | PREDICTED: mascara,scissors,brush,makeup,brushes
He complained that after she kissed him, he couldn’t get the red color off his face. He finally just asked her to stop wearing that
   EXPECTED: lipstick | PREDICTED: color,lipstick,dress,makeup,shirt
Eleanor offered to fix her visitor some coffee. Then she realized she didn’t have a clean
   EXPECTED: cup | PREDICTED: cup,mug,plate,kitchen,kettle
My aunt fixed my brother some cereal using her best china. Of course, the first thing he did was drop the
   EXPECTED: bowl | PREDICTED: bowl,spoon,cereal,food,box
At the dinner party, I wondered why my mother wasn’t eating her soup. Then I noticed that she didn’t have a
   EXPECTED: spoon | PREDICTED: spoon,fork,bowl,knife,plate
In the dorms, cutting your steak can be a huge struggle. They always give you such a poor quality
   EXPECTED: knife | PREDICTED: knife,steak,cut,one,slice
He journeyed to the African plains, hoping to get a photograph of the king of the beasts. Unfortunately, the whole time he was there he never saw a
   EXPECTED: lion | PREDICTED: lion,buffalo,tiger,gorilla,Rhino
George was hiking in India when he saw the orange and black striped animal leap out at him. He sustained serious injuries before he managed to kill the
   EXPECTED: tiger | PREDICTED: tiger,animal,snake,lion,creature
By the end of the day, the hiker’s feet were extremely cold and wet. It was the last time he would ever buy a cheap pair of
   EXPECTED: boots | PREDICTED: shoes,boots,sneakers,socks,trainers
Everyone agreed that the stone-washed kind were out of style. But he continued to wear the same old pair of
   EXPECTED: jeans | PREDICTED: them,jeans,shoes,sneakers,trainers
As the afternoon progressed, it became hotter and hotter. Keith finally decided to put on a pair of
   EXPECTED: shorts | PREDICTED: shorts,sunglasses,pants,sweats,jeans
Pablo wanted to cut the lumber he had bought to make some shelves. He asked his neighbor if he could borrow her
   EXPECTED: saw | PREDICTED: saw,axe,scissors,tools,knife
Tina lined up where she thought the nail should go. When she was satisfied, she asked Bruce to hand her the
   EXPECTED: hammer | PREDICTED: nail,hammer,gun,needle,scissors
The snow had piled up on the drive so high that they couldn’t get the car out. When Albert woke up, his father handed him a
   EXPECTED: shovel | PREDICTED: shovel,flashlight,shotgun,gun,cigarette
The yard was completely covered with a thick layer of dead leaves. Erica decided it was time to get out the
   EXPECTED: rake | PREDICTED: rake,tractor,shovel,tools,camera
Fred went to the pantry and got out the homemade jelly his grandmother had brought. Fifteen minutes later, however, he was still struggling to open the
   EXPECTED: jar | PREDICTED: jar,jars,door,lid,bottle
After they unpacked the new refrigerator, they let Billy have his fun. He played for days afterwards with the big
   EXPECTED: box | PREDICTED: refrigerator,fridge,freezer,box,thing
It seemed to catch every time she opened or closed her backpack. She decided she would have to replace the
   EXPECTED: zipper | PREDICTED: strap,zipper,belt,straps,clasp
