

***
MODEL: albert-xlarge-v1
***

--
k = 5
--

Prediction accuracies:
EXPECTED TARGET in TOP 5 predictions: 0.4117647058823529 (14/34)

ITEMS PREDICTED CORRECTLY:

Rich couldn’t count the number of Yankees games he had seen with his father. They both shared a lifelong interest in
   EXPECTED: baseball | PREDICTED: baseball,hil,sports,soccer,gim
Getting both himself and his car to work on the neighboring island was time-consuming. Every morning he drove for a few minutes and then boarded the
   EXPECTED: ferry | PREDICTED: ferry,boat,ship,bus,shuttle
The patient was in critical condition and the ambulance wouldn’t be fast enough. They decided they would have to use the
   EXPECTED: helicopter | PREDICTED: ambulance,helicopter,bus,wheelchair,bike
Amy was very anxious about traveling abroad for the first time. She felt surprisingly better, however, when she actually boarded the
   EXPECTED: plane | PREDICTED: plane,airline,flight,bus,taxi
The day before the wedding, the kitchen was just covered with frosting. Annette’s sister was responsible for making the
   EXPECTED: cake | PREDICTED: cake,cookies,dishes,candles,ice
She keeps twirling it around and around under her collar. Stephanie seems really happy that Dan gave her that
   EXPECTED: necklace | PREDICTED: bracelet,necklace,ring,badge,guitar
He complained that after she kissed him, he couldn’t get the red color off his face. He finally just asked her to stop wearing that
   EXPECTED: lipstick | PREDICTED: dress,lipstick,shirt,mask,thing
Eleanor offered to fix her visitor some coffee. Then she realized she didn’t have a clean
   EXPECTED: cup | PREDICTED: mug,cup,pot,coffee,drink
My aunt fixed my brother some cereal using her best china. Of course, the first thing he did was drop the
   EXPECTED: bowl | PREDICTED: bowl,bread,dough,lid,pan
At the dinner party, I wondered why my mother wasn’t eating her soup. Then I noticed that she didn’t have a
   EXPECTED: spoon | PREDICTED: spoon,bowl,tray,fork,plate
He journeyed to the African plains, hoping to get a photograph of the king of the beasts. Unfortunately, the whole time he was there he never saw a
   EXPECTED: lion | PREDICTED: lion,bird,rhino,horse,tiger
Barb loved the feel of the waves on her feet, but she hated to walk barefoot. As a compromise, she usually wore a pair of
   EXPECTED: sandals | PREDICTED: jeans,shorts,sandals,heels,sneakers
By the end of the day, the hiker’s feet were extremely cold and wet. It was the last time he would ever buy a cheap pair of
   EXPECTED: boots | PREDICTED: socks,boots,shoes,sneakers,shorts
As the afternoon progressed, it became hotter and hotter. Keith finally decided to put on a pair of
   EXPECTED: shorts | PREDICTED: socks,jeans,shorts,pants,sunglasses
