

***
MODEL: t5-3b
***

--
k = 5
--

Prediction accuracies:
EXPECTED TARGET in TOP 5 predictions: 0.5588235294117647 (19/34)

ITEMS PREDICTED CORRECTLY:

He caught the pass and scored another touchdown. There was nothing he enjoyed more than a good game of
   EXPECTED: football | PREDICTED: football,basketball,baseball,soccer,American
Rich couldn’t count the number of Yankees games he had seen with his father. They both shared a lifelong interest in
   EXPECTED: baseball | PREDICTED: baseball,sports,New,Yankee,professional
Getting both himself and his car to work on the neighboring island was time-consuming. Every morning he drove for a few minutes and then boarded the
   EXPECTED: ferry | PREDICTED: ferry,bus,boat,local,public
The patient was in critical condition and the ambulance wouldn’t be fast enough. They decided they would have to use the
   EXPECTED: helicopter | PREDICTED: helicopter,air,fire,C,Air
Amy was very anxious about traveling abroad for the first time. She felt surprisingly better, however, when she actually boarded the
   EXPECTED: plane | PREDICTED: plane,airplane,flight,aircraft,first
The day before the wedding, the kitchen was just covered with frosting. Annette’s sister was responsible for making the
   EXPECTED: cake | PREDICTED: cake,wedding,cakes,cupcake,beautiful
The little girl was happy that Santa Claus left nothing but crumbs on the plate. She decided he must have really enjoyed the
   EXPECTED: cookies | PREDICTED: cookies,cookie,Christmas,chocolate,dinner
She keeps twirling it around and around under her collar. Stephanie seems really happy that Dan gave her that
   EXPECTED: necklace | PREDICTED: new,present,little,necklace,gift
She wanted to make her eyelashes look really black and thick. So she asked to borrow her older friend’s
   EXPECTED: mascara | PREDICTED: mascara,eye,black,makeup,false
He complained that after she kissed him, he couldn’t get the red color off his face. He finally just asked her to stop wearing that
   EXPECTED: lipstick | PREDICTED: red,lipstick,color,dress,shirt
Eleanor offered to fix her visitor some coffee. Then she realized she didn’t have a clean
   EXPECTED: cup | PREDICTED: pot,coffee,cup,kitchen,spoon
My aunt fixed my brother some cereal using her best china. Of course, the first thing he did was drop the
   EXPECTED: bowl | PREDICTED: bowl,cereal,whole,entire,plate
At the dinner party, I wondered why my mother wasn’t eating her soup. Then I noticed that she didn’t have a
   EXPECTED: spoon | PREDICTED: spoon,soup,bowl,knife,plate
By the end of the day, the hiker’s feet were extremely cold and wet. It was the last time he would ever buy a cheap pair of
   EXPECTED: boots | PREDICTED: hiking,shoes,walking,boots,sneakers
Everyone agreed that the stone-washed kind were out of style. But he continued to wear the same old pair of
   EXPECTED: jeans | PREDICTED: jeans,shoes,Levi,sneakers,den
Pablo wanted to cut the lumber he had bought to make some shelves. He asked his neighbor if he could borrow her
   EXPECTED: saw | PREDICTED: circular,saw,table,chain,power
After they unpacked the new refrigerator, they let Billy have his fun. He played for days afterwards with the big
   EXPECTED: box | PREDICTED: box,refrigerator,new,white,plastic
It seemed to catch every time she opened or closed her backpack. She decided she would have to replace the
   EXPECTED: zipper | PREDICTED: zipper,strap,lock,buckle,bag
One fell off her blouse and got lost, and she didn’t have any extras. She ended up searching all over town to find a matching
   EXPECTED: button | PREDICTED: one,pair,button,set,piece
