

***
MODEL: albert-xlarge-v2
***

--
k = 5
--

Prediction accuracies:
EXPECTED TARGET in TOP 5 predictions: 0.6176470588235294 (21/34)

ITEMS PREDICTED CORRECTLY:

He caught the pass and scored another touchdown. There was nothing he enjoyed more than a good game of
   EXPECTED: football | PREDICTED: football,ball,basketball,baseball,balls
Rich couldn’t count the number of Yankees games he had seen with his father. They both shared a lifelong interest in
   EXPECTED: baseball | PREDICTED: baseball,sports,athletics,yankees,hockey
Getting both himself and his car to work on the neighboring island was time-consuming. Every morning he drove for a few minutes and then boarded the
   EXPECTED: ferry | PREDICTED: ferry,bus,train,boat,buses
The patient was in critical condition and the ambulance wouldn’t be fast enough. They decided they would have to use the
   EXPECTED: helicopter | PREDICTED: helicopter,ambulance,911,radio,bomb
Amy was very anxious about traveling abroad for the first time. She felt surprisingly better, however, when she actually boarded the
   EXPECTED: plane | PREDICTED: plane,flight,airplane,aeroplane,planes
The day before the wedding, the kitchen was just covered with frosting. Annette’s sister was responsible for making the
   EXPECTED: cake | PREDICTED: cake,cookies,wedding,dessert,toast
He wanted to make his wife breakfast, but he burned piece after piece. I couldn’t believe he was ruining even the
   EXPECTED: toast | PREDICTED: meal,cookies,cake,recipe,toast
She keeps twirling it around and around under her collar. Stephanie seems really happy that Dan gave her that
   EXPECTED: necklace | PREDICTED: necklace,bracelet,ring,gift,ornament
She wanted to make her eyelashes look really black and thick. So she asked to borrow her older friend’s
   EXPECTED: mascara | PREDICTED: mascara,lashes,wig,eyelashes,makeup
He complained that after she kissed him, he couldn’t get the red color off his face. He finally just asked her to stop wearing that
   EXPECTED: lipstick | PREDICTED: shirt,lipstick,dress,mask,hat
My aunt fixed my brother some cereal using her best china. Of course, the first thing he did was drop the
   EXPECTED: bowl | PREDICTED: cereal,bowl,fork,dish,spoon
In the dorms, cutting your steak can be a huge struggle. They always give you such a poor quality
   EXPECTED: knife | PREDICTED: steak,meat,cut,meal,knife
He journeyed to the African plains, hoping to get a photograph of the king of the beasts. Unfortunately, the whole time he was there he never saw a
   EXPECTED: lion | PREDICTED: rhino,lion,leopard,cheetah,gorilla
Barb loved the feel of the waves on her feet, but she hated to walk barefoot. As a compromise, she usually wore a pair of
   EXPECTED: sandals | PREDICTED: sandals,pumps,shorts,shoes,heels
By the end of the day, the hiker’s feet were extremely cold and wet. It was the last time he would ever buy a cheap pair of
   EXPECTED: boots | PREDICTED: shoes,boots,socks,sneakers,sandals
Everyone agreed that the stone-washed kind were out of style. But he continued to wear the same old pair of
   EXPECTED: jeans | PREDICTED: jeans,sneakers,shoes,sunglasses,glasses
As the afternoon progressed, it became hotter and hotter. Keith finally decided to put on a pair of
   EXPECTED: shorts | PREDICTED: shorts,sunglasses,socks,jeans,pants
The snow had piled up on the drive so high that they couldn’t get the car out. When Albert woke up, his father handed him a
   EXPECTED: shovel | PREDICTED: blanket,shovel,flashlight,towel,straw
Fred went to the pantry and got out the homemade jelly his grandmother had brought. Fifteen minutes later, however, he was still struggling to open the
   EXPECTED: jar | PREDICTED: jar,fridge,box,refrigerator,package
It seemed to catch every time she opened or closed her backpack. She decided she would have to replace the
   EXPECTED: zipper | PREDICTED: zipper,bag,backpack,cover,strap
At the zoo, my sister asked if they painted the black and white stripes on the animal. I explained to her that they were natural features of a
   EXPECTED: zebra | PREDICTED: zebra,leopard,cheetah,butterfly,chameleon
