

***
MODEL: albert-xxlarge-v1
***

--
k = 5
--

Prediction accuracies:
EXPECTED TARGET in TOP 5 predictions: 0.47058823529411764 (16/34)

ITEMS PREDICTED CORRECTLY:

He caught the pass and scored another touchdown. There was nothing he enjoyed more than a good game of
   EXPECTED: football | PREDICTED: football,basketball,lacrosse,softball,baseball
Rich couldn’t count the number of Yankees games he had seen with his father. They both shared a lifelong interest in
   EXPECTED: baseball | PREDICTED: yankees,baseball,yankee,sports,postseason
Getting both himself and his car to work on the neighboring island was time-consuming. Every morning he drove for a few minutes and then boarded the
   EXPECTED: ferry | PREDICTED: ferry,greyhound,ferries,shuttle,amtrak
The patient was in critical condition and the ambulance wouldn’t be fast enough. They decided they would have to use the
   EXPECTED: helicopter | PREDICTED: helicopter,ambulance,helicopters,chopper,seaplane
Amy was very anxious about traveling abroad for the first time. She felt surprisingly better, however, when she actually boarded the
   EXPECTED: plane | PREDICTED: plane,airplane,aeroplane,flight,airliner
The day before the wedding, the kitchen was just covered with frosting. Annette’s sister was responsible for making the
   EXPECTED: cake | PREDICTED: cake,decorations,wedding,cookies,decorating
The little girl was happy that Santa Claus left nothing but crumbs on the plate. She decided he must have really enjoyed the
   EXPECTED: cookies | PREDICTED: meal,cake,dessert,cookies,feast
At the dinner party, I wondered why my mother wasn’t eating her soup. Then I noticed that she didn’t have a
   EXPECTED: spoon | PREDICTED: spoon,fork,napkin,straw,knife
He journeyed to the African plains, hoping to get a photograph of the king of the beasts. Unfortunately, the whole time he was there he never saw a
   EXPECTED: lion | PREDICTED: cheetah,zebra,lion,leopard,rhino
Barb loved the feel of the waves on her feet, but she hated to walk barefoot. As a compromise, she usually wore a pair of
   EXPECTED: sandals | PREDICTED: sandals,sneakers,flip,socks,heels
By the end of the day, the hiker’s feet were extremely cold and wet. It was the last time he would ever buy a cheap pair of
   EXPECTED: boots | PREDICTED: socks,sneakers,shoes,sandals,boots
As the afternoon progressed, it became hotter and hotter. Keith finally decided to put on a pair of
   EXPECTED: shorts | PREDICTED: shorts,jeans,shirts,pants,socks
Tina lined up where she thought the nail should go. When she was satisfied, she asked Bruce to hand her the
   EXPECTED: hammer | PREDICTED: nail,nails,mallet,hammer,scissor
Fred went to the pantry and got out the homemade jelly his grandmother had brought. Fifteen minutes later, however, he was still struggling to open the
   EXPECTED: jar | PREDICTED: jelly,jar,wrapper,bottle,container
It seemed to catch every time she opened or closed her backpack. She decided she would have to replace the
   EXPECTED: zipper | PREDICTED: strap,zipper,doorknob,buckle,handle
At the zoo, my sister asked if they painted the black and white stripes on the animal. I explained to her that they were natural features of a
   EXPECTED: zebra | PREDICTED: cheetah,zebra,leopard,lion,deer
