

***
MODEL: albert-xxlarge-v1
***

--
k = 5
--

Prediction accuracies:
EXPECTED TARGET in TOP 5 predictions: 0.8235294117647058 (28/34)

ITEMS PREDICTED CORRECTLY:

"Checkmate," Rosaline announced with glee. She was getting to be really good at
   EXPECTED: chess | PREDICTED: chess,this,guessing,poker,games
Justin put a second house on Park Place. He and his sister often spent hours playing
   EXPECTED: monopoly | PREDICTED: monopoly,chess,bingo,dolls,cards
He caught the pass and scored another touchdown. There was nothing he enjoyed more than a good game of
   EXPECTED: football | PREDICTED: football,lacrosse,basketball,softball,baseball
Rich couldn’t count the number of Yankees games he had seen with his father. They both shared a lifelong interest in
   EXPECTED: baseball | PREDICTED: baseball,yankees,athletics,sports,mlb
Getting both himself and his car to work on the neighboring island was time-consuming. Every morning he drove for a few minutes and then boarded the
   EXPECTED: ferry | PREDICTED: ferry,ferries,seaplane,boat,shuttle
The patient was in critical condition and the ambulance wouldn’t be fast enough. They decided they would have to use the
   EXPECTED: helicopter | PREDICTED: helicopter,helicopters,ambulance,chopper,seaplane
Amy was very anxious about traveling abroad for the first time. She felt surprisingly better, however, when she actually boarded the
   EXPECTED: plane | PREDICTED: plane,airplane,aeroplane,airliner,flight
The day before the wedding, the kitchen was just covered with frosting. Annette’s sister was responsible for making the
   EXPECTED: cake | PREDICTED: cake,dresses,cookies,decorations,candles
The little girl was happy that Santa Claus left nothing but crumbs on the plate. She decided he must have really enjoyed the
   EXPECTED: cookies | PREDICTED: cookies,cake,cookie,meal,dessert
He wanted to make his wife breakfast, but he burned piece after piece. I couldn’t believe he was ruining even the
   EXPECTED: toast | PREDICTED: cookies,eggs,dough,bread,toast
She keeps twirling it around and around under her collar. Stephanie seems really happy that Dan gave her that
   EXPECTED: necklace | PREDICTED: necklace,bracelet,scarf,handkerchief,ring
She wanted to make her eyelashes look really black and thick. So she asked to borrow her older friend’s
   EXPECTED: mascara | PREDICTED: mascara,lashes,eyelashes,sunglasses,brushes
He complained that after she kissed him, he couldn’t get the red color off his face. He finally just asked her to stop wearing that
   EXPECTED: lipstick | PREDICTED: lipstick,shirt,blouse,dress,outfit
Eleanor offered to fix her visitor some coffee. Then she realized she didn’t have a clean
   EXPECTED: cup | PREDICTED: mug,kettle,cup,saucer,napkin
My aunt fixed my brother some cereal using her best china. Of course, the first thing he did was drop the
   EXPECTED: bowl | PREDICTED: cereal,bowl,saucer,spoon,dishes
At the dinner party, I wondered why my mother wasn’t eating her soup. Then I noticed that she didn’t have a
   EXPECTED: spoon | PREDICTED: spoon,fork,napkin,straw,knife
In the dorms, cutting your steak can be a huge struggle. They always give you such a poor quality
   EXPECTED: knife | PREDICTED: steak,knife,meat,beef,bone
He journeyed to the African plains, hoping to get a photograph of the king of the beasts. Unfortunately, the whole time he was there he never saw a
   EXPECTED: lion | PREDICTED: cheetah,zebra,lion,rhino,leopard
George was hiking in India when he saw the orange and black striped animal leap out at him. He sustained serious injuries before he managed to kill the
   EXPECTED: tiger | PREDICTED: crocodile,predator,animal,tiger,leopard
Wendy wondered how they had managed to ship such a large animal all the way from China. She waited in line to see the newly acquired
   EXPECTED: panda | PREDICTED: elephant,elephants,chimpanzee,gorilla,panda
Barb loved the feel of the waves on her feet, but she hated to walk barefoot. As a compromise, she usually wore a pair of
   EXPECTED: sandals | PREDICTED: sandals,sneakers,socks,pumps,shoes
By the end of the day, the hiker’s feet were extremely cold and wet. It was the last time he would ever buy a cheap pair of
   EXPECTED: boots | PREDICTED: sneakers,socks,shoes,sandals,boots
As the afternoon progressed, it became hotter and hotter. Keith finally decided to put on a pair of
   EXPECTED: shorts | PREDICTED: shorts,jeans,pants,trousers,socks
Tina lined up where she thought the nail should go. When she was satisfied, she asked Bruce to hand her the
   EXPECTED: hammer | PREDICTED: nail,hammer,nails,mallet,wrench
The yard was completely covered with a thick layer of dead leaves. Erica decided it was time to get out the
   EXPECTED: rake | PREDICTED: pitchfork,shovel,rake,broom,tractor
Fred went to the pantry and got out the homemade jelly his grandmother had brought. Fifteen minutes later, however, he was still struggling to open the
   EXPECTED: jar | PREDICTED: jelly,jar,bottle,jam,wrapper
It seemed to catch every time she opened or closed her backpack. She decided she would have to replace the
   EXPECTED: zipper | PREDICTED: strap,zipper,buckle,clasp,doorknob
At the zoo, my sister asked if they painted the black and white stripes on the animal. I explained to her that they were natural features of a
   EXPECTED: zebra | PREDICTED: cheetah,zebra,leopard,crocodile,lion
