

***
MODEL: albert-large-v2
***

--
k = 5
--

Prediction accuracies:
EXPECTED TARGET in TOP 5 predictions: 0.47058823529411764 (16/34)

ITEMS PREDICTED CORRECTLY:

He caught the pass and scored another touchdown. There was nothing he enjoyed more than a good game of
   EXPECTED: football | PREDICTED: baseball,football,basketball,soccer,golf
Rich couldn’t count the number of Yankees games he had seen with his father. They both shared a lifelong interest in
   EXPECTED: baseball | PREDICTED: baseball,sports,basketball,yankees,athletics
Getting both himself and his car to work on the neighboring island was time-consuming. Every morning he drove for a few minutes and then boarded the
   EXPECTED: ferry | PREDICTED: ferry,plane,boat,bus,ship
Amy was very anxious about traveling abroad for the first time. She felt surprisingly better, however, when she actually boarded the
   EXPECTED: plane | PREDICTED: plane,ship,train,flight,bus
The day before the wedding, the kitchen was just covered with frosting. Annette’s sister was responsible for making the
   EXPECTED: cake | PREDICTED: cake,preparations,decorations,recipe,frost
She keeps twirling it around and around under her collar. Stephanie seems really happy that Dan gave her that
   EXPECTED: necklace | PREDICTED: necklace,bracelet,scarf,shirt,card
She wanted to make her eyelashes look really black and thick. So she asked to borrow her older friend’s
   EXPECTED: mascara | PREDICTED: mascara,eyelashes,printer,hair,lipstick
He complained that after she kissed him, he couldn’t get the red color off his face. He finally just asked her to stop wearing that
   EXPECTED: lipstick | PREDICTED: shirt,lipstick,thing,dress,outfit
My aunt fixed my brother some cereal using her best china. Of course, the first thing he did was drop the
   EXPECTED: bowl | PREDICTED: cereal,bowl,egg,rice,spoon
Barb loved the feel of the waves on her feet, but she hated to walk barefoot. As a compromise, she usually wore a pair of
   EXPECTED: sandals | PREDICTED: sandals,shoes,pumps,shorts,socks
By the end of the day, the hiker’s feet were extremely cold and wet. It was the last time he would ever buy a cheap pair of
   EXPECTED: boots | PREDICTED: shoes,boots,sandals,sneakers,socks
Everyone agreed that the stone-washed kind were out of style. But he continued to wear the same old pair of
   EXPECTED: jeans | PREDICTED: jeans,trousers,shoes,glasses,pants
As the afternoon progressed, it became hotter and hotter. Keith finally decided to put on a pair of
   EXPECTED: shorts | PREDICTED: shorts,jeans,glasses,sunglasses,shoes
Fred went to the pantry and got out the homemade jelly his grandmother had brought. Fifteen minutes later, however, he was still struggling to open the
   EXPECTED: jar | PREDICTED: jar,pantry,refrigerator,fridge,container
It seemed to catch every time she opened or closed her backpack. She decided she would have to replace the
   EXPECTED: zipper | PREDICTED: backpack,zipper,strap,bag,battery
At the zoo, my sister asked if they painted the black and white stripes on the animal. I explained to her that they were natural features of a
   EXPECTED: zebra | PREDICTED: bird,mammal,zebra,zoo,dog
